feat: implement makeDraggable javascript utility (#20350)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/utilities/src/makeDraggable/README.md

    <button id="dragButton" aria-describedby="drag-instructions">Drag</button>
    <span id="drag-instructions" class="sr-only">
      To pick up the draggable item, press Enter. While dragging, use the arrow
      keys to move the item. Press Enter again to drop.
    </span>
  </div>
  <div class="draggable__div-body">
    <p>This server has 150 GB of block storage remaining.</p>
  </div>
</div>
```

```ts
import { makeDraggable } from '@carbon/utilities';

const dialogEle = document.getElementById('draggableDialog');
const headerEle = document.getElementById('dialogHeader');
const dragBtn = document.getElementById('dragButton');

makeDraggable({
  el: dialogEle,
  dragHandle: headerEle,
  focusableDragHandle: dragBtn,
});

// Add visual and accessibility support
dialogEle.addEventListener('dragstart', () => {
  dialogEle.classList.add('is-dragging');
  dialogEle.setAttribute('aria-label', 'Picked up the draggable Dialog');
});

dialogEle.addEventListener('dragend', () => {
  dialogEle.classList.remove('is-dragging');
  dialogEle.setAttribute('aria-label', 'Draggable Dialog was dropped');
});
```

## React Example implementation

> For react implementation, please refer to the example code in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For React implementation, please refer to the example code in
```

# makeDraggable

> The `makeDraggable` is a framework-agnostic javaScript utility that can be used
> to drag any HTML element by using either mouse or keyboard interactions. It
> allows developers to specify an HTML element as a required attribute to be
> moved, optional HTML element to initiate the drag(e.g., a header), optional HTML
> element to focus on drag for keyboard interaction (e.g., an icon) and an
> optional pixel value that defines the distance to move when dragging with arrow
> keys (default: 8px) and shift arrow keys (default: 32px).

Reviewer 2: What’s the significance of 'JavaScript utility'? I’m wondering why that wording was included in the description of the util.

```suggestion
`makeDraggable` is a framework-agnostic utility that enables dragging an HTML
element via mouse or keyboard. Developers can specify the target element, a drag
handle, a focusable element for keyboard interaction, and pixel values for
movement with arrow or Shift + arrow keys.
```

    <span id="drag-instructions" class="sr-only">
      To pick up the draggable item, press Enter. While dragging, use the arrow
      keys to move the item. Press Enter again to drop.
    </span>
  </div>
  <div class="draggable__div-body">
    <p>This server has 150 GB of block storage remaining.</p>
  </div>
</div>
```

```ts
import { makeDraggable } from '@carbon/utilities';

const dialogEle = document.getElementById('draggableDialog');
const headerEle = document.getElementById('dialogHeader');
const dragBtn = document.getElementById('dragButton');

makeDraggable({
  el: dialogEle,
  dragHandle: headerEle,
  focusableDragHandle: dragBtn,
});

// Add visual and accessibility support
dialogEle.addEventListener('dragstart', () => {
  dialogEle.classList.add('is-dragging');
  dialogEle.setAttribute('aria-label', 'Picked up the draggable Dialog');
});

dialogEle.addEventListener('dragend', () => {
  dialogEle.classList.remove('is-dragging');
  dialogEle.setAttribute('aria-label', 'Draggable Dialog was dropped');
});
```

## React Example implementation

For react implementation, please refer to the example code in

> [Storybook](https://ibm-products.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/utilities-makedraggable--overview).

Reviewer 2: What happens it Carbon for IBM products deletes this page and/or the util?

Author: Currently the react example implementation for this utility exists only in Carbon for IBM products, which is why I included the Storybook link as a reference. We follow the same pattern in the overflowHandler utility as well. 

To avoid potential issues if the storybook page is ever removed, I can add a note/comment directly in the makeDraggable utility in Carbon for IBM products pointing back to this storybook reference.
